# Explanation of the different files

- Standard_FGM :
Original FGM model. We draw mutation of random size (distribution from Orr 2006) and test if there are beneficial and fixed.

- Standard_FGM_v2 :
Original FGM model. But this time mutation vectors are drawn from a normal distribution using a standart deviation sigma_mut. 
The calculation of the fixation probability also changed (Barrett 2006). and graphs are plotted to see the evolution of the individual phenotype.

- Standard_FGM_v3 : 
Same as v2 but this time neutral and nearly neutral mutations can fixed in little population.

- Standard_FGM_v4 :
Original FGM model. This time it is computed by using Martin 2006 multivariate distribution with selection and covariance matrix S and M. 
It also use Martin's way to compute fixation probability but then proba calculated with this method are quite high so there is maybe a problem here.

- New_FGM :
First version of the new FGM model that use the "list of gene" reinterpretation. In this version, at each iteration, only one of the three 
possible change in the genotype happen depending on probability fixed as parameters (arbitrary, no real biological interpretation of these probability)

- New_FGM_v2 :
Second version of the new FGM model. In this version, every mutational mechanisms can happen in the same iteration depending on their 
rate which gives probability : We then draw a number in a uniform distribution and if it is inferior to this probability, then the mechanism can happen.
Two distinct way of computing duplication and deletion are implementing : on in which we randomly choose the order at which they happen (duplication
first, then deletion are inversely) but both happen if their porbability permit it ; and an other one where only one of the two can happen (we 
then have a rearrangment probability which is 2 time higher than deletion or duplication probability)

- New_FGM_v3 :
In this third version, there is not real big computation different. Only the proability of happening change for the three mechanism, 
because we draw the number of mutation/duplication/deletion from poisson distribution having the corresponding rates as parameter (Blanquart 2014).

Lots of tests have been made in this code (decomment the wanted test at the end of the code)
+ the code is commented so probably easier to understand

- The 4 graphs "cost of complexity" :
They have been computed using the 2 versions just introduced and both way of implementing rearrangments 
(everything is in the title of the image file)
They show the lowering of final fitness value when there are more genes in the genome.

- parallel_faster_complexity_test :
Same as the last version but have been modified specifically for the test of the cost of a higher number of gene on the final fitness attainable.
The modification are only to try to run the simulation faster (multiprocess parallel computation and improvmenet of the code to avoid iterations ...)

- test_nb_genes
Only add a supplementary plot to the New_FGM_v3 code to see the evolution of the number of gene with time (allow us to see when are duplication/deletion 
event more frequent)
+ add a ratio between sigma_mut and sigma_gene so that the first gene can have a size different from the one of a mutation (different strenght
between duplication and mutation event)

- test_succession_mutations :
Two major change in this code :
    - the first gene can be chosen by using the create_fixed_first_gene method AND we can choose its direction : 
    parallel to the axe going from the initial position to the optimum, orthogonal to it, nearly optimal, ... 
    - the way of changing the genotype : at each iteration : make a change (ex dupl) and directly test if it is fixed instead of 
    making every changes and testing the fixation the final result at each iteration. So the evolution is thought as a succession 
    of mutational event instead of as "generation" or "time_step". (for simplicity the 3 mechansim are successively test in one iteration 
    but it is as if there were 3 times more iterations)

This version is the more recent and is useful to really observe the succession of type of mutation. 

- Maths :
Written sheet with some graphs to represent mutation, duplication and deletion events + an equation about the size and orientation
of a duplicated gene for it to be beneficial + interpretation of this equation on the last page + little reflexion on the cost of sqrt(n) 
when adding a gene to the genotype. 